Expose an initializer function for non-abstract contracts in their upgradeable versions (#5008)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/thin-walls-drop.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': minor
---

> `AccessManager`, `VestingWallet`, `TimelockController` and `ERC2771Forwarder`: Added an `initializer` function in their corresponding upgradeable variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AccessManager`, `VestingWallet`, `TimelockController` and `ERC2771Forwarder`: Added a public `initializer` function in their corresponding upgradeable variants.
```
